Create pull_request_template.md (#156)
Azure/terraform-azurerm-compute: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!---
> Please add this into the test of test/fixture, format the changes by "terraform fmt", and test it by run the following:
> ```sh
> $ docker build --build-arg BUILD_ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=$ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID --build-arg BUILD_ARM_CLIENT_ID=$ARM_CLIENT_ID --build-arg BUILD_ARM_CLIENT_SECRET=$ARM_CLIENT_SECRET --build-arg BUILD_ARM_TENANT_ID=$ARM_TENANT_ID -t azure-compute .
> $ docker run --rm azure-compute /bin/bash -c "bundle install && rake full"
> ```
> 
> Please add this into the example usage of README.md and format the changes by "terrafmt fmt README.md". Please intall "terrafmt" by [install terrafmt](https://github.com/katbyte/terrafmt#install).
> --->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Community Note

* Please add this into the test of test/fixture, format the changes by "terraform fmt", and test it by run the following:

$ docker build --build-arg BUILD_ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=$ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID --build-arg BUILD_ARM_CLIENT_ID=$ARM_CLIENT_ID --build-arg BUILD_ARM_CLIENT_SECRET=$ARM_CLIENT_SECRET --build-arg BUILD_ARM_TENANT_ID=$ARM_TENANT_ID -t azure-compute .
$ docker run --rm azure-compute /bin/bash -c "bundle install && rake full"

* Please add this into the example usage of README.md and format the changes by "terrafmt fmt README.md". Please intall "terrafmt" by [install terrafmt](https://github.com/katbyte/terrafmt#install).
```

> Fixes # . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes #000 
```

> Changes proposed in the pull request:

Reviewer: In personal, I think we could remove this.
